chore(docs): update story13 to match expectation (#1512)
winglang/wing: docs/06-contributors/999-rfcs/000-stories/story-13.md

    let output = MutArray<str>[];
    for id in task_ids {
      let j = this.get_task(id); 

>       let title = j.get_str("title"); // notice this require us to create a small "get_str" function  implementation that should be removed by next sprint, maybe there is a different way around this. @hasanaburayyan and @staycoolcall911 ?

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we could add a generic `get()` instead of `get_str()`. If we could do that, we can probably keep it and not remove it in a later sprint.

      if title.contains(term) { 
        print("found task ${id} with title \"${title}\" with term \"${term}\"");
        output.push(id);
      }
    }
    

>     print("found ${output.length} tasks which match term '${term}'");

Reviewer 2: Why not `len`? Let's add support for getters

Author: I don't think we can accomplish this in this sprint

I'll add to the next one

Author: Note to self: update sprint 14 to have len instead of length

    let output = MutArray<str>[];
    for id in task_ids {
      let j = this.get_task(id); 

>       let title = j.get("title"); // notice that I've decided to create a small baby macro get function that should be removed next sprint

Author: ```suggestion
      let title = j.get("title"); // notice this require us to create a small "get" function  implementation that should be removed by next sprint, maybe there is a different way around this. @hasanaburayyan and @staycoolcall911 ?
```
